Table Removal (#1234)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/02-getting-started/04-onboarding-workflow.md

# Palette Workflow

> Palette mandates the creation of a cluster profile, before a workload cluster can be created. This is because the [cluster profiles](/cluster-profiles) are instantiated
> templates that are created with preconfigured layers/components needed for cluster deployments contain
> the configurations required for your cluster. The cluster profile helps you prepare a ready-made configuration of the
> OS, the Kubernetes layer, the network layer, and the storage layers. These four are the mandatory layers, without
> which a cluster profile cannot be created. There are a host of other layers and components available to add in the
> cluster profile (load balancers, authentication, monitoring, and logging) which are detailed in the cluster
> profile section. Palette provides several cluster profiles out-of-the-box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Palette requires the creation of a cluster profile before a workload cluster can be created. This is because [cluster profiles](/cluster-profiles) are
templates created with preconfigured layers that define the required dependencies, such as the Operating System (OS) and Kubernetes version for your cluster.  The cluster profile is a core component of Palette. You can learn more about cluster profiles by reviewing the [cluster profile](/cluster-profiles) reference page.
```
